hi everyone and welcome to the ipfs core
implementations
weekly sync for monday the 25th of
january 2021 i am making brain i will be
your host we're going to talk about our
high priority initiatives
other initiatives parking lot q a if
you've been to these things before you
know the drill by now
um we can start with the high priority
initiatives which
the first item is upcoming and shipped
releases
what is shipping
so we are we are hoping to get the next
rc out this week uh last week a bunch of
the
you know team was was uh preoccupied
with with research things
but uh yeah we will be attempting to get
that out this week
including an updated version of
the ips distribution site which make
deployments and letting people play
around with it a whole lot easier
should also include an upgraded
migrations binary that
makes the migration to the next uh
release
faster if you happen to have like a ton
of pins
yeah bypass is loading in the memory
it's not the
it's not the migrations overhaul just to
be clear that's that'll be
a later release that's what's currently
waiting for review so just don't want to
confuse those
the small fix with the larger overhaul
cool next up is pinning services
uh on the gui side we are wiring up
settings and file screens in preparation
for release candidate 2
we also plan to have a web ui release
without binning service integration
to decouple
release from when pinning services are
available
and also to handle transition period
when a
web ui may be used with a back-end which
does not have pin
remote commands i believe
mfs auto pinning is in a state
which is compatible with web ui uh but
we are lacking
docs and we need to retest it with
pinata um
i think that's it on my end
um there's the pr against js ipfs for
the http client to add the commands
um yeah i gave it once over it all looks
fine uh there's just some conflicts that
need to be
resolved i think it's going to be
trivial yeah i think if we could uh
just like review merge and ship that
that would
make things much easier on the web ui
and because npm does not support those
like
uh dependencies from a branch
if the project is uh in the subdirectory
and i
just ipfs uses later now so that
introduces additional step for testing
yeah i mean hopefully that should get
better like npm is getting into the
workspaces game so hopefully they'll
work out and make that work properly but
yeah
um like i said in the review it looks
good it just needs the conflicts falling
out
cool local pinning is next
there is nothing there's nothing
particularly new here uh this is
i think on pause until we decide if
we're
uh if when we're allocating more time to
change the api for local pinning and add
a new command for that and all that jazz
fair enough uh a wild hana has appeared
you could give an update on data
transfer speed improvements
yeah um uh so i just copy pasted
uh something from a wrap-up email so
it's a little long but um we've
uh things are going pretty well on this
uh we've shipped uh
i mean we showed a bunch of uh
improvements to graphsync not
uh directly related to the data transfer
but sort of like preparatory work
kind of lining everything up we've
started to get our testing
infrastructure in place
um and we're taking some preliminary
steps towards implementing what we hope
will be some good solutions
um i'm thinking long-term i like i feel
really good about the solutions we
are coming up with the hardest part is
going to be finding
well probably is very hard to find a
solution that will offer dramatic
improvement without
requiring clients or like requiring
clients to upgrade to get that
improvement or requiring the network to
upgrade to get
the best the most improvement um so
that that's going to be a little bit of
a challenge because you know like
trying to work just with what exists in
ipfs and bitswap and graphsync in like
deployed ipfs 0.5 or whatever
it's going to be it's going to be hard
to get major improvement working just
with that but we'll we'll do our best
so yeah
um so we're making progress um yeah
awesome is there did we schedule the
sync up
for tomorrow
next one is js increased discoverability
and connectivity
yes so i started thinking about the
connection manager overall
design last week i am creating a design
proposal
uh for for it and it should probably be
ready to
for feedback this week so i will
probably bring the jazz folks in europe
also that is
done but probably it might be good to
have a
design discussion next week
and let's see fi one of the one of the
things
and id we're talking about a little bit
ago it's like kind of
next next priorities for the group and
trying to get everybody
back into being focused on more
collective issues instead of everybody
kind of on separate stuff
so some of the stuff we talked about is
like finishing up
working together to finish up the
typescript stuff and then looking at
like what do we need to do
to fix the dht in node.js
or at least get that more performant um
so we may try to
try to swarm on that and maybe borrow
somebody from go
like batara or a dean who have done a
lot of that dht work last year
to help mitigate those gaps so that we
can deliver that work a bit more quickly
nothing in stone yet but so continue
with your proposal
but we may want to focus that so we can
have like
you hugo and um alex all being able to
to work on the dht together
uh yes but don't you think that we
should
at least have uh some improvements on
the connection manager
that would be important for adhd we will
need to look at that and figure out what
that what those changes are for the dht
and what we'll need to do that but again
right like
this could involve focusing on the dht
doesn't mean three people in the dht
rebound right it's
let's make sure that we're fixing all of
these systems in tandem to achieve the
goal of
more performant jsthd
also in general the the dht where you
don't require
everybody to be connected to you to stay
in your routing table
should like ease up on connection
pressure a lot
okay that's the end of the hybrid
priority initiatives uh
moving on to the other initiatives uh
typescript integration is the first one
hey it's me right
okay so we merged
a bunch of the a bunch of pr's
data stores data storage fs data store
level
data store core interface
data store a bunch of stuff uh
so with this the advanced repo type spr
is almost done
um just missing
like two pr's in the multi-action sync
and
a gdpr and i'm still
thinking about what to do with the
migration just ignore it for now or
vr the migration so if you anyone wants
to help with my questions
feel free uh we final figure figured out
how uh how to do the proper
documentation
uh being the documentation generated
from
from the types automatic generated from
the types
uh that actually works now so the the
tool that we use to do that release the
new version
so now it actually can understand better
the
common js code instead of just esm
so we will finally be able to have
nice stocks for the apis without
like jumping through a milling hopes to
make it
look good uh so that's fun and
yeah i think that's pretty much it for
me
um i started working on the unix fs in
portrait and exporter
um which meant i started working on
ipod doug pb which meant i started
working on protons and i'm currently in
hell right now
well welcome to my world yeah
but uh yeah so all the data so stuff
unlocks the repo
uh which then unlocks bitswap which
means we can then start bubbling this
stuff
up to um to ipfs which is going to be
great
cool next is badger not two but three
support
uh no updates on that at this point um
uh i think we're the palmer's still
waiting do we want to go ahead and
create a
a new repo for that um i don't think
there's been a decision on that
i'll defer any more to a dean yeah i
think um
we should write an issue and get some
feedback from the
the you know badger 2 using folks
but i think that after talking with
daniel about this a little bit
probably the best option is just to use
a branch
just use like branch versioning and
release
and release tagging uh yeah i trust him
that even though
the the go mod like website is like we
recommend
using like you know subfolders that this
is something that is no longer a good
idea because
gopath is not used everywhere anymore
will is nodding so he seems to agree
yeah i think i think and the only real
question at that point is are we making
another
tag or branch in the badger to repo or
are we
trying to combine all of these different
versions of badger into just the badger
repo
which would sort of make more sense but
we've already went in this other way of
having repost perversion
um and right like
why are you getting badger 3 out of the
badger 2 repo that starts to be
somewhat unintuitive is the unfortunate
thing right i would um
if we were going to use one repo i'd
probably put them all in the badger repo
for
for sanity purposes yeah
yeah or or do we just or we could just
forget that the badger two repo existed
just deprecate it and but yeah this is
where you do that
maybe the easiest this is why we'll use
a github issue and the badger repo
and continue from there right right
uh next up is nut traversal
yeah so arsh had the pac
poc of tcp and quick hole punching
working
um he's currently working on cleaning up
those prs because he did a lot of hacks
to get
around some of the interfaces for that
so he's working on cleaning that up
and then we just need some reviews on
the im client multi-stream
extension for the spec
arsh is looking at putting together a
proof of concept
of hole punching coordination over dht
servers
the idea being if we can reasonably
allow dht servers
to do limited bandwidth hole punching
coordination
then we could just leverage our existing
infrastructure
to do a lot of that instead of running
expensive relays
so one of the things he's looking at
doing is determining
what the actual like bandwidth rate
is for coordinating that so we can then
calculate based on the connections to
dht servers
how much coordination how much traffic
do we anticipate going through those
to coordinate hole punching um so just
to prove concept right now
not that we'll eventually use it but
once we have that data then we can
make a determination of is this worth
going down that path
and what does that look like
this is evaluating whether having
dht nodes serve as you know upgrade
relays
is is even feasible right like if we did
bandwidth
rate limiting on the dht relays right
because like
we don't want to open them up as relays
um so
understanding what is that bandwidth
management that we need to do because in
most instances right when you go to find
somebody
you're going to query to the closest
people then so if i can just
get hole punch coordination with my 20
closest peers
um that that provides a lot of value of
being able to get that final content
um so just determining like how feasible
is it how expensive would it be
on those dht nodes um yeah to make a
cost assessment really there
interesting stuff um can we not estimate
that from
existing auto relay like we've got an
existing coordination thing off of auto
relay right
um can we have that net bandwidth and
then
spread it over our estimated size of
dahcy to get an estimate of what that
is going to be because it should be the
same protocol for
doing the coordinates what it's doing
right okay
yeah yeah yeah yeah it's just getting
those numbers of in practice versus
yeah do you well would you mind
following up with with arsh and probing
a little bit about what the path he's
going there
um sure yeah thanks
next letter on the list is unix of sv
1.5 and go ipfs
it doesn't look like there's an update
there's no activity on the
issue uh so moving on to
ipfs gc improvements yes
actually uh friday was testing one of
the uh
or the prototype that i've come up with
so far and
there are some improvements there are
some also big problems with it that i
i have to figure out how to address and
i will fold that those findings back
into the current design dock
one of the things that came out of that
though was i'm looking at performance uh
some dht related issues since we've been
discussing that here
you may some of you may have seen the
discussion uh that happened on the ipld
channel
and it uh conclusion was that we have a
couple areas that are causing
uh performance to be hovering around
15 20 percent on most the nodes and able
to cut down on my dht connections
um and it seemed to scale that the uh
the idle um cpu business seemed to scale
with that
anyway so that's that that may branch
off into some other performance related
discussions and things we need to do but
as far as the gc is concerned
um yeah there are some improvements but
there's also some
some things that that i'm going to have
to probably ask some questions
about how we you know how we want to
solve that so the prototyping work is
going forward
but it's not like yay all the problems
are solved yet it's like okay we've
solved some but i think i've created
some new ones possibly
so it's just continuing on with that
so that's the gc update but yeah i think
there will be a we need to branch out
into some other
discussions for dht if that's not
already being addressed by some of the
the efforts there so clarify the dht
thing was not
if i understood that was just that was
like a p2p thing
where the the getting lots of system
calls
it's there's two yeah there's uh the
number of
um packet handles per handling in the
packets particularly the incoming
packets
was responsible for a large amount of
the idle cpu usage
where it kept it would keep an eight
core uh i7
coming at around 15 to 20 cpu with the
default configuration
and then that just you know a steady
state after after running for half an
hour
i wonder if there's some weird system
configuration things
i know on on windows which happens to
have all the bugs but sometimes the bugs
are performance improvements
uh it is like zero it's like one percent
yeah i'd like to look at this the report
was across all three platforms
it wasn't it wasn't windows though i i
didn't have it on windows so i run it on
it was running on
linux and amd 64 linux
a mac a macbook pro and a freebsd
machine
and all three of them exhibited similar
performance profiles with a default
configuration
and this was all on either the uh rc-1
or the um or the current build of the
of you know the current stable or the
stable current development branch
so if there is a if there is a platform
that's not experienced yet
you know what's the difference and what
are we doing so
one of the biggest things let's look at
raw profile data we don't want to take
up the meeting with that but
you know just the number of go routines
and the scheduler was
you know was going crazy running around
looking for things to run was part of
the problem
but i was able to reduce the dht
connections by a factor of 10 and then
idle cpu went down
by about a factor of 10.
but a lot of that was in quick versus
other protocols
that's correct so it may well be that
there's something in terms of how quick
is scheduling and setting up its go
routine exactly
because we previously had this many go
routine this many connections in dht
so it's not necessarily um just you have
like
it it's less you have a lot of
connections and more you have a lot of
quick connections that seem to be the
correct and it was specifically in quick
and i can i can share the profile
i get a number of profile runs they all
came out pretty similar and it's all in
quick
and uh it's all packet handling and a
good portion of that is in memory
allocation
so something we should probably open an
issue up uh issue to look
look into is a quick uh performance
that'd probably be worth pinging martin
uh martin seaman so he can take a look
at that
yeah he's a maintainer of that repo i
believe right yeah and he's in our slack
oh okay yeah i'll definitely let me i
will share the i have uh profile uh
pictures for him then
yeah perfect
uh do you want to skip straight on to
the next one
which is the go profess migrations
rework
i am waiting for review because we
haven't really had time to do a review
of that there's a lot of
there's a lot of work in there and i
think as i said last week still
the the distributions needs to get
approved and merged and everything else
comes behind it uh no more work
is necessary in less review unless a
review points out there is
um i'm excited to get that in because it
looks like a it will be a huge
improvement and it'll offer
going forward a way to actually sanely
write migrations without
a gigantic amount of hassle
so very happy about about that being
there and when we have time
uh it'll it'll be reviewed and merged
and
accordingly according to relative
priority
yeah i think it's basically like step
one is
do the next rc which includes the
update to dist and then once that's done
we can start to like
look in merging in these other ones um
because they all they all sort of build
off of that
because the new the ollies all these pr
to disk makes everything make a little
more sense
cool next item is the ipfs pub sub api
revamp
um there is no sign of gaza
so doesn't delight me an update
it's moving on to the uh memory leak and
jsipfs
did you get another ego yeah
no update on this i left some comments
in the vr
waiting for some feedback and
[Music]
i just did a bunch of work on the types
and this
is paused by them for now
next one is the lip tcp testing setup
yeah so the current pressuring the
problem here
with our testing setup is that lipid pci
files in
note 15 and npm 7
i basically created a proposal in the
proof of concept uh
linkedin notes the main issue is uh
simpler dependency because we have our
library
modules depending only php and lipitp
uses
the between modules as dev dependencies
to
test them with integration tests and
this basically
makes with the new npm 7 changes that
installs
automatically the peer dependencies
to basically have a mismatch of versions
so yeah the short term goal here would
be to move the integration testing out
of
lipid2p to the lipid p modules and then
we could support
note 15 and in the long run uh we should
probably create
some system testings using test grounds
and
follow up with the interrupt and
probably we should
also discuss afterwards in this context
the
eventually moving glue delivered repo to
a learner repo following the wins of
ipfs one
and yeah that's it it would be good to
have feedback on
that this it for the uh other
initiatives
um moving on to the rest of the items
uh design review proposals anybody got
anything you want
to propose for a design review
um i now that that uh
hannah and alex are back um i
i put up a bit swap proposal um
around large blocks um this isn't
something that we're necessarily going
to tackle
right now but uh i want to
sort of get like some sanity checks to
be like does this make sense
and also think you know i guess see how
see how you think this fits in with some
of the other stuff that you were you
were planning
um i actually did i've read your
profiles i'm sorry i haven't made any
comments
um uh my my
i'm trying to and once well uh let me
let me i shouldn't
i should discuss with you offline we can
yeah yeah
yeah we can do this another time but
this is the yeah i'd like to
i'd like to get this on the conversation
at some point
sure yeah for sure there's a
sort of a topic related um to saving
blocks there was a
there's a an issue out there that
there's been some conversation on
concerning a streaming a proposal for
streaming
uh data directly into a file and
bypassing the block store
and that that offered some interesting
possibilities for some things i was
running into
um just looking at when we have very
little size left to
write blocks and ways around that i
don't know if that's something we i just
wanted to bring that up and in case
that's something that we
want to formalize as a design is not
just an issue
well i'm curious do we have the file
store in ipfs yet because there's like
already a thing
in this is slightly different other end
of things
this is like when you import a file you
don't actually put it in the block store
you just leave it on disk
um and then like put reference into the
zero copy option
yeah yeah i mean it's super problematic
in implementation because it's like all
kinds of problems that
introduces you could delete the file of
their system
um and you have no way of knowing but uh
but i'm just curious do we have that in
ipfs because that is a thing over in
like file coin when they use
that yeah i mean the file store the file
store exists
uh i don't think it does any of the
things that one might expect like
have the os mark files as read only so
you don't blow them up while you're
while you're using them or whatever but
but the file store is
is there i think it's experimental um
yeah
okay i mean could certainly it certainly
to me it's
like i don't think it would be hard to
i mean in theory it would not be hard to
stream a uh like something you're
getting from bitswap or wherever from
the dag service into
uh directly into a file instead of
saving it in theory
i think the current architecture of the
software may make it a little bit
challenging because
i mean and this is something i'm going
to have to look at in bitsoft in general
is like bitswap is pretty
like hard-coded to like save right to
the block store once it
you know gets blocked um and we probably
we have to
in minimum introduce a layer of
indirection there because
there's a million scenarios where you
might want to put it in a different
block store you might want to put in a
file
you might want to not put in a block
store just yet you know there's like a
bunch of
bunch of reasons to do that um obviously
if it's
also like super integrated with the
providing system which is gonna be a
real
fun thing so all of that is gonna have
to be
somehow broken apart and that's probably
going to be software that alex and i
write
and when we do we'll get back to you
about the streaming goal
yeah i was just was one of them he's
like oh wow this would be awesome
yeah i mean it's it's not complicated
in theory it's conceptually because
architecture
what conceptually it's fairly
straightforward but yeah like you said
you really need a layer of indirection
uh so that you don't have to worry about
what you're writing to you know here's
your incoming block something else takes
care of
wherever it's going to put them and
arrange them and be it a file
store or whatever yeah yeah
i mean you may see that like the next
few pr's we submit our
further like not improving performance
but re-architecting software so it can
be
used to improve performance right so i
guess my point is that maybe
a there should be a a design proposal or
someone should think about putting one
out there just for that layer which will
then allow us to go go the next step
further and build some of these things
that's a good point yeah i mean i think
we should probably
i will i could probably write one
because i'm gonna have to do that pretty
soon
to implement the stuff we want to do so
yeah
i'm just conscious of the time here we
have just run over
um so if anybody needs to drop off
please feel free
um if that's it for the designer
proposals
we can move on to the blockers and asks
the questions yeah
i've got a question there's a
someone filed an issue i don't know
whether it was in the go or the js repo
um around the fact that ipves import
export is not like quite the same across
going.js
basically because uh js had it first
and uses like you know passwords to
encrypt things and whatever
and and go is just like you are going to
send me a key
and i don't know anything about
passwords and
any of that um do we have
do we have a way to indicate or should
we have a way to indicate
what http client thing you're you're
looking at
i mean i i guess we're trying to make
them look the same which is i guess
where the problem comes up
um do we have like an interrupt test for
this
i don't think there's any i don't even
think we have a spec either for that
like in reality we should
we should spec what that's supposed to
do out
and then write the tests and then write
the code
i mean i thought we were we talked once
about removing
the key manipulation stuff from the http
client
didn't we like
we need from the client because we need
we need for the bin right to be able to
export
export the keys locally in the command
line
um but yeah we should just
have that discussion probably in this
that interface
designed for that interface spec for the
client the http api and figure out
exactly
what that thing is supposed to do and
then unify
it if it makes sense to do that across
the two implementations which it
probably does
yeah for for context uh the go ipfs
currently allows you to
import a key but does not allow you to
export the key if the node is online
um because
we work work to be done on
uh api security from
local uh things running on your local
machine
how do you tell who's asking you to make
these
commands
yeah i guess sort of related to that
potentially
was jen was asking me if we should do
some sort of blog post or write up about
the security workshop
and one of the things that i realized i
was very unsure about
is are we going to talk about any of the
things that came out of that as
community desires as things we're going
to do
or are these just things that people
talked about
uh and and that's you know you know are
we going to be trying to deal with
you know different application profiles
are we going to be dealing with this
http permissioning of sids
um we should have some sense of so so my
answer was let's wait a week until
prioritization happens more and we have
a sense of
you know timeline of you know how much
effort any of us are going to be working
on any of that before we
try and set expectations yeah i think
likely
a week is too soon for the priorities
because that's still
happening right now um the thing that i
think is going to happen regardless
is that we're going to end up in a
situation where
this the security issues here are a use
case that we are trying to unblock
as a core development and protocol
development team
and what we want to do is make sure that
people like peer goss and everybody else
that was on that call
have the ability to easily extend ipvs
to do those things
um and maybe will at least guide if not
participate actively
in the development of those but really
make sure that
you have the ability to compose ipld and
ipfs in the block store and
whatever else is needed to do that and
so we need to work to make that easier
to build off of
um and then perhaps will also help build
those features out so
i think that's kind of like the minimum
set that we'll look at
for for this year that will very likely
happen
i think it's just the degree of which
we'll be involved in that
still needs to be determined
right but the i mean the the most
concrete one there was this like
um sid permissioning in bit swap and the
initial proposal is
somehow based on http headers which are
coming into a
gateway-ish thing they want to then have
their bit swap session be able to decide
on permissioning against some sort of
external api that it passes headers to
and there's i think at least some rounds
of design that probably
we have opinions on at least that need
to happen uh for
something like that to actually exist um
so that may be the
the ask is we probably need to review
that initial uh
issue that came in and start thinking
about what a design that's plausible
actually looks like
i suspect for that like the the thing
that's like
the bigger engine that we need to worry
about is
uh how you know as part of a bit swap
request you send a token that
grants you access to something and then
plumbing that through
the http like client responses
are are like highly bike shareable but
also
kind of not relevant
either way we're not going to sort that
out in this meeting
um so the final section is the parking
lot there's two items in the parking lot
one is tag selector cid cache
yeah this is something i i just want to
put this on people's horizons probably a
ways off um
but um uh and also i only because i saw
something in andrew's update that
suggested some similar
similarity do we currently have anything
in um
go ipfs that like tracks uh like a root
cid to all its children or anything
like like uh like stored in the i know
we have a block store do we have a
dag store of any kind
what do you mean you want to be able to
do a query that takes in
a root c id and then gives you a list of
all children without
actually traversing a dag yep
no we traverse tags yeah yeah okay
uh this may be something we look at in
down the line um in terms of uh like
speeding up
uh grassy um uh especially as we look at
moving towards grousing as like a thing
that can serve you
um like lists of cids um i think there's
a lot of other things that it might come
into play on i only wonder
like again this is like just an idea
it's like very germinating um
uh it might like i mean that's like i
don't know if it would help with gc
to be able to like you know do something
like that um
uh i mean probably by the time it's
implemented it won't be a dad
query it won't be like a dad store it'll
be like or like a whole dag store it'll
be like a root c id and selector query
um where we're just recording things as
we serve a graph sync request
um and and then the next time we do it
we might be able to serve it much faster
by like
just loading the blocks and setting them
um anyway
that's like you know it's just a it's a
far updating but it could come into the
mix in terms of speeding up some of this
stuff
so yeah so that actually has some
implications for what garbage collection
can do
and so far i've avoided that just
because of the sheer amount of memory it
can take up
uh for a large or if you have a lot of a
lot of
objects that have that are deeply uh
that have a lot of deep dag um yeah yeah
yeah
but if if they're going forward with
design yeah i'd be very interested in at
least
uh staying up with that because you know
keeping up with whatever the thoughts
are there because that does have direct
implications of what i could do with
garbage collection
yeah for sure yeah that's why i just
wanted to
put it as something that you know
something i'm thinking about um
yeah i mean i imagine it could take a
lot of space but i mean like
i mean cids are 40 bytes i would imagine
that in comparison to the block store
it's just going to be like
not going to be a huge thing um but i
mean obviously we need to
find out if that's a true assumption
it's possibly not true
if it all has to be loaded if it's kept
in memory it is i guess i'm saying it is
the case
oh yeah yeah yeah that was the thing is
it's all in memory then that's the
problem if it's not memory then no it's
not
yeah yeah it would be like an on-disk
thing you could load real quick to
serve a query or maybe to help you with
cheesy if you needed it
you know so okay yeah anyway
ways off don't worry about it
the other person to oh the other person
to ask about that is reba
who's been doing a postgresql based data
store
uh in the falcon context that is keeping
submitted data information
like i know i i i i'm deep in talking
in conversation with those folks yeah
it's evolving so that may allow you to
do
some of that pre-loading yeah using that
data store
yeah they're they're they're moving into
a bunch of different things they're
actually no longer on postgres they've
moved on i think they're going to do
lmdb as the immediate one
followed by go new db it's actually
really interesting so that's that's the
core
lotus stuff i would still talk with reba
oh
continuing further down a postgres route
that is doing
full dag metadata stuff oh nice yeah
yeah we by the way we may want to vague
awareness of what they're doing over
there because they're just because
they're doing a lot of data store
testing
and we might it might be like it's
somewhere like oh we could do this too
and get a big improvement um though i
don't know if the profiles of the way we
use
things are you know the same uh so that
it would make sense
sorry okay that was long i'm just going
to quickly go on to the other party
item which is really quick which is me
um i am just curious i
i randomly reach out to chris happy
happy um who at one point was working on
a js craft sync
um and he uh said he's no longer
contracting with pl
um which i think means there is no one
on js crossing at the moment
um uh so
i mean you know like i don't like i
don't exactly know it does just
actually have like bits what fully going
yet
so like maybe it's like a long way off
to even worry about but um
you know especially if we're gonna be
like banking
graph sync being a thing into ipfs that
enables fast data transfer
like it would be bummer if we couldn't
do whatever in js so i don't know if
that's even a concern
yeah we just did js uh handoff on
craftsync um because chris
can't currently work on it he might come
back work on it later um so we'll
probably pause on that
until we have a better picture of what
exactly we're doing on go
um but there is a working version of
that in the repo i
added the repo to the notes um we'll
migrate that over at some point in time
um but that also has working examples of
that pulling from
go but i don't believe it works the
other way currently yeah yeah he was
doing some like very preliminary let's
just see if i can fetch something and go
so yeah that's great perfect
okay sorry i know i make meeting go
along
i think that is it i think we are done
thank you for sticking out if you uh
made it this far
uh this has been the uh ipfs current
foundation's weekly sync from monday the
25th
of january 2021 please fill in your
async updates
so people know what's happening uh
otherwise
you are free to go enjoy burns night i
hope you're drinking whiskey already
bye